Yeah!
'The Subway Running Above The Stories.'
I am the driver, DJ Yong.
Let me read the first story
of the part-timer special as a recitation.
Hello, DJ Yong.
I am a 24-year-old woman, part-time at a barbecue restaurant.
The other day, four men came to pay the bill,
But 'Please pick up the ugliest man of us.'
they said.
So carefully,
I responded 'That man.'
However, the man said,
'I am not with them.'
Oh, my god!
What happened!
She must have been upset!
Let me give the 'Ssook in Frozen Pork Belly'
some gift
as a way to cheer you up!
Next story,
It's a very long story.
Let me try this.
Hello, DJ Yong.
I'm 26-year-old man
working in a sandwich store.
I have
a concern.
The reason is
one consumer.
The consumer usually orders 'Italian BMT.'
Hello, this is Italy.
Oh, this is SUBWAY.
If the consumer appears,
I feel like a broken machine.
Hello.
How are you?
With a small height, round eyes,
and front teeth that resemble a rabbit's when in thought,
possessing all the cuteness,
the consumer appears at the same time every day,
making my heart flutter.
Please Italian BMT 15cm.
Yeah.
Picking bread, vegetables, cheese,
and sauce, she walks with me.
Yet, the time we walk feels too short.
I know all the vegetables
and sauces she likes,
but just to spend a little more time with her,
I would pretend
not to understand to ask her again.
Please hold the pickle.
Yeah.
What a lovely story!
Just a sec.
The writers go
happy in front of me.
I wish
she would order a 1-meter-long sandwich.
So lovely.
Okay, let me keep reading.
It was one day.
Hello.
She appeared
with a handsome guy
in the store.
What's that?
Is he her boyfriend?
No way.
Writer, it's not, is it?
Don't make me frustrated.
If it's true,
I won't read this.
Hello.
How are you?
One 'Italian BMT SUBPICK'
and one 'Rotisserie Barbecue Chicken SUBPICK' please.
SUBPICK is not
not that you pick the ingredients one by one
but that we pick for you
the best ingredients in the best chemistry.
So the order time is so short.
Are you okay?
Yeah!
Because SUBPICK consists of the best ones,
the order process can fishies
so simply
and fast.
Are you really okay?
Tell him 'I'm not okay.'
Yeah, I'm okay.
Yeah,
okay.
He wants to see her more even just a little bit,
so my heart hurts too much.
Thank you.
Just with 'Please SUBPICK'
the one word,
The order was completed
quickly and efficiently
This path I used to walk with her,
now,
I have to walk alone.
Let me help you with the payment.
At the moment,
the man asked me.
Are you crying?
No, the onion makes me cry.
It seems so tasty.
So good.
I've considered many thoughts,
such as whether he is her brother
or a cousin.
How about trying this?
Yet, a brother wouldn't feed her a sandwich, would he?
Like this,
my unrequited love is
over.
What's that!
Come on, It can't end like this.
My heart really hurts.
I want to give
the 'Rabbit eating onion' some big gift.
Hey, guys, the story isn't
over yet!
I've just heard there are a few pages.
Let me read this!
A few days later,
Hello, this is SUBWAY.
She starts to appear
alone in the store.
However,
she looks sad and disappointing
that I've never seen before.
Even I couldn't see her front teeth.
Please one STEAK & CHEESE SUBPICK.
Yeah, let me give you in a moment.
Isn't the onion a little bit spicy?
After that day,
she doesn't
visit
the store anymore.
With the hope that she might hear this story,
I send my story
to DJ Yong
as if talking to myself.
I guess it's over!
What should he do?
The back page was even more bittersweet!
I shouldn't have read this!
Oh, my.
Okay!
Let me see...
It seems like she broke up with her boyfriend.
Yeah, I'm sure the breakup.
The reason!
Even the menu she ordered alone has changed.
It seems like she has felt changed feelings.
Out of all the stories
I've read so far,
this one hit me the hardest!
I want to give the 'Rabbit eating onion'
some big gift.
What kind of gift
should I send to make him happy?
I want
just both of you to be happy.
As a DJ Yong,
I'm rooting for you two.